the strangest thing would probably when
we played South by Southwest yeah I got
split up from the group i was really
drunk and they were also drunk but I I
fell asleep in someones car but I
thought it was my car so upon these
people finding me they were trying
basically to kill me and I picked up my
phone and called Russell and I found out
that they stole a pizza from a store I
chased out and they were eating in an
alley I was being almost assaulted by
four Mexican guys and their girlfriends
in austin texas
but you
she
it's a cadet
she special
so
you cannot
rather than love
I'll show you so bad
yes you are all
so just feeling it
bullets
to dinner after
just let him so
this
I'm going to
as well
I sweat a little
since
you cannot be so my dad
I want to show you so
you suck at this
punch it in the bag
you cannot be
so chance meal in
only to dinner
you